Added deployment documentation (#396)
digitallyinduced/ihp: Guide/deployment.markdown

# Deployment

```toc
```

## Deploying with IHP Cloud

The fastest way to share your app with the internet is by using IHP Cloud. We recommend following this approach as it's the most simple to get started with.

### Account Setup

> IHP Cloud is currently still in beta. To register a new account get an invite from an existing user or join the waiting list at [ihpcloud.com](https://ihpcloud.com/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
IHP Cloud is currently still in beta. To register a new account you need an invite from an existing user or you can join the waiting list at [ihpcloud.com](https://ihpcloud.com/).
```
